[12.0][ADD] mass_mailing_custom_unsubscribe_event: Allow to unsubscribe discretely from an event (#555)
OCA/social: mass_mailing_custom_unsubscribe/readme/DESCRIPTION.rst

  mass mailing.
- Provide proof on why you are sending mass mailings to a given contact, as
  required by the GDPR in Europe.

> - Handle discrete unsubscriptions from other recipients that are not a mailing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Handle per-record unsubscriptions from other recipients that are not a mailing
```
